docs: clarify the usage of gitLabAutomerge (#10687)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

## gitLabAutomerge

> If you are using automerge you can use this setting to use the gitlab native automerge function for MR's to speedup automerge.
> Attention: This is a top-level key.
> To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in the same `packageRule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enabled automerge in the Renovate config, you can speed up the automerge process, by using GitLab's own automerge function.
Attention: This is a top-level key.
To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in the same `packageRule`.
```

The proper noun GitLab should be capitalized like in my suggestion.
Also maybe the new text is clearer/easier to understand?

> To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in the same `packageRule`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

`automerge` can also be used at toplevel, so this is not right.

## gitLabAutomerge

> Attention: This is a top-level key. To activate automerging for a specific `packageRule`, make sure to also set `automerge` to `true` in the specific rule!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attention: This is a top-level key.
To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in that same `packagaRule`.
```

We use one sentence per line pattern.

Maybe this rewrite of the second sentence is clearer on what you need to do?

Author: Yeah, that sounds way better than mine!!

## gitLabAutomerge

Attention: This is a top-level key.

> To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in that same `packagaRule`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To activate automerging within a `packageRule`, you must set `automerge` to `true` in the same `packageRule`.
```

Whoops, made a spelling error.

And maybe `in the same` is better than `in that same`, but not sure about that one.

Reviewer 2: Automerge can be also globally used. Or you can use one of our automerge presets.

So this docs should describe that this gitlab flag only sets the gitlab flag when automerge is used too.

Author: > 
> 
> Automerge can be also globally used. Or you can use one of our automerge presets.
> 
> So this docs should describe that this gitlab flag only sets the gitlab flag when automerge is used too.

How would you communicate this?

Reviewer 2: 🤔

Maybe something like:

If you are using automerge you can use this setting to use the gitlab native automerge function for MR's to speedup automerge.

Author: I've updated the file

## gitLabAutomerge

> If you enabled `automerge` in the Renovate config, you can speed up the automerge process, by using GitLab's own automerge function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you enabled `automerge` in the Renovate config, you can speed up the automerge process by using GitLab's own automerge function.
```

I think we can drop the comma here.

## gitLabAutomerge

> If you enabled automerge in the Renovate config, you can speed up the automerge process, by using GitLab's own automerge function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you enabled `automerge` in the Renovate config, you can speed up the automerge process, by using GitLab's own automerge function.
```

so highlight `automerge` as an renovate option

Reviewer 3: Doesn't Gitlab automerge speed to renovate automerge, not vice versa?

> Attention: This is a top-level key.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

I think thats's not true, you can also use `gitLabAutomerge` in a package rule.

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/renovatebot/renovate/blob/34ef699b64b5de1c6f9fe70eafbb99422b839081/lib/workers/pr/index.ts#L115-L128
